# Home-task - File generator
File generator home task - a python file called file_generator.py.
## Description
Here I will explain my algorithm which I used to solve the problem: at the beginning, I use the function section_generator. this function should return a list with all possible sections. I will explain the way this function works: first, it makes a list of all the numbers between 0-255, which represents all the possible values in a single byte. Then, we run over all the numbers between 0-255 that will represent the tag at the beginning of each section, and for each tag, we run over all the numbers between 0-255 that represent possible value length, and then for each length, we "concatenate" the list of numbers between 0-255 according to the current length using the concat_lists function, which is a recursive function. Then, we run over all the items in the list we got from concat_lists, and we save the sections in a separate list in the following format: tag (as a string) + "~" + legnth of section (as a string) + "~" and the value itself. The idea is to seperate each byte by the seperator "~".
After this, we save the result of section_generator in a list. Then, we run over all the numbers between 0-255 which will represent possible number of sections, and for each number of section we concatenate the list we got from section_generator with itself number_of_section times. We save the result in a list. Then, we run over all the elements in the list and save a string that contains strings from the following format: number of sections (as a string) + "~" + current_element. This gives us all possible representations for files that match the format, just without the magic. 
To end off, we run over the last list we generated with that contains all possible representations for files. For each element in it, we seperate it by the seperator '~' and save it in a list. we run over all the items in the list, which all represent a byte, and we write the magic (in little endian) into a new file and then each item in the list (converted to bytes).
